yesterday we brought the rat rod home
from the museum here there it is you can
see it and when we got it home it wasn't
running all that great with an idol it's
been Island funny lately so we decide
we're gonna have a carburetor rebuild
today and I've actually got two of those
carburetors I bought a new one for the
Rambler so I've got the old one if these
are Edelbrock carburetors are actually
Carter AFP's at the most common
carburetor around these days far as
four-barrel goes but I got two of them
they're probably both needing not so
much for rebuild just to clean out i
find you know from time to time they
might get something in the gas or
trashing them or water or who knows what
and so we're going to do is we can take
them both we're going to put them here
on the table my son's here he's never
rebuilt the carburetor before so we're
going to pull them both apart put them
both back together that way we get to
cleaned out carpenters he just learned
how to do it so has the plan okay since
we're making videos i thought i'd show
this this is the inside of that
carburetor that was on the Rambler
yesterday that wouldn't idle wouldn't
run this is dirt you see that a lot of
dirt in their lot of dirt in here this
is the gas that runs the car has to pass
through a lot of little tight spaces
through needle valve jets and things
like that and it's still in fact this
whole carburetor just completely filthy
so we're about to well one of the things
we'll do is we're going to clean all
this up we're going to wait and take
everything apart there's also a filter
inside here where the gas goes in that
we can wash out
I'll show it to you honey unincorporated
aside lifted the lid off mine yet but
that's where that filter is right where
the gas goes into it this is a good shot
of min me and Jos sitting around the man
table the man table with carburetors I
figured I just do another update before
we start putting these back together
generally if the carburetor don't work
is because something is dirty or is
leaking air guess filter stopped out
something like that so basically we've
cleaned them all off clean them all up
and put them back together now
that's the way it works he's becoming
the carburetor man very quickly hey
listen I had trouble getting this thing
well it wasn't running right and we
redid the carburetor put it on there and
it runs exactly the same as it did
before so I'm messing around with the
points i thought well Michael show this
a lot of people has never seen a car
with points this is the rotor cap goes
on right there pulled it off it took the
distributor cap off which is this thing
you'll see there's little gizmos inside
there this thing turns around and
transfers the fire through the top of
that plug out to the end of here and
through there and out to each spark plug
anyway this point gap when it's on the
high side of this cam which here's the
cam right here and this is the arm that
rides on it this was supposed to be
sixteen thousands and if you notice it's
not in fact I believe almost what I have
to do is I have to take a screwdriver
loosen this screw and widen this out
until it is 16,000 Sandry tighten it
once out the right gap there on the fact
that it's going to run pretty good we'll
give it a try when I wound up doing was
changing this thing over to a 12-volt it
had a sixth vote coil on it and
basically as far as the ignition system
goes that's the only six bolt piece
ahead on there I had my hot wire running
through this resistor to reduce it to a
six volt I had a provo coil i bought a
while back so i threw it on there
because they wouldn't run out
gettin spark'd at the point but not at
the plug wires and obviously that old
coil gave out I was playing to change
this over to 12 volts today anyway saw
through that call on their network tout
good I've been adjusted my carburetor I
got it to where it's getting closer
ain't perfect but it's getting closer